Documentation updates to the Getting Started Experience (GSX) (#756)
planetlabs/planet-client-python: docs/get-started/quick-start-guide.md

### Get your API key

Now that you’ve logged in, you can easily retrieve your API key that is being used for requests with the following command:

```console
planet auth value
```

Many `planet` calls you make require an API key. This is a very convenient way to quickly grab your API key.

#### Your API Key as an Environment Variable

You can also set the value of your API Key as an environment variable in your terminal at the command line:

```console
export PL_API_KEY=<your api key>
```

And you can see that the value was stored successfully as an environment variable with the following command:

```console
echo $PL_API_KEY
```

!!!note "Planet SDK uses the API Key environment variable"
    If you do create a `PL_API_KEY` environment variable, the SDK will use this value. `PL_API_KEY` overrides the value that was retrieved from the Planet server with a call to `planet auth value`. The initial `planet auth value` won’t be updated to reflect the new value.

## Step 5: Search for Planet Imagery

> You’ve installed the environment, the SDK, and connected with the Planet server. You’re now ready to get your first bunch of data.

Reviewer: I don't love the language with connect/authenticate with 'the Planet server', since it's not just one service. A straightforward replacement that would make sense to me would be 'Planet's auth service', but could also just talk about like 'authenticating' and/or 'registering' your account. 

I can make this its own issue if you want to discuss more, as I'm happy for this to merge as is. But we'd ideally update all the mentions of 'planet server'.

Author: changed to "connected to Planet services"

In this step, you search for the most recent PSScene images available to download and filter the list based on those images you actually have permissions to download.

### planet data filter

One of the commands you’ll use most frequently is `planet data filter`. This “convenience method” creates the JSON you need to run other commands. Run it with no arguments to see how it works by default:

```console
planet data filter
```

> Open the `filter.json` file to see some default filters. `PermissionFilter` filters the output to only contain imagery that you have permission to download. You’ll also see `quality_category`, which means the output lists only images in the `standard quality` category. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look at the console output to see some default filters. `PermissionFilter` filters the output to only contain imagery that you have permission to download. You’ll also see `quality_category`, which means the output lists only images in the [`standard quality` category](https://developers.planet.com/docs/data/planetscope/#image-quality-standard-vs-test-imagery). 
```

There won't be a filter.json file unless you do `planet data filter > filter.json`, it just prints to standard out. So adjusted it to just tell people to look at it. We could also just show the output here. Also added link to explain a bit about 'standard quality'.

!!!note "The --help switch is your friend"
    You can do a lot with this `filter` command. We recommend running `planet data filter --help` often to get a reference of how the commands work.

### planet data search

Run the filter command and save it to a file named `filter.json`:

```console

> planet data filter > filter.json

Reviewer: I'm kinda tempted to just do the full pipe here, instead of the two step process. Like tell people to do `planet data filter | planet data search`. For someone new to the command-line both `>` and `|` will seem weird, so may as well show the bit that lets you do it all in one command. Then they won't be thinking they always have to output to a file and then input it. I think we can give a brief explanation on what is happening, and link to the 'concepts'.

Also happy for you to just merge this and I can make a PR on the 'quicker start'.

Author: This is the first time some readers are using the CLI, so I thought we'd break out the steps. Piping in the next module, no?

Reviewer: Cool, don't feel strongly.

```

Then use that file with the search command and save the results to another file named `recent-psscene.json`.

```console
planet data search PSScene filter.json > recent-psscene.json
```

> Open `recent-psscene.json` to see the most recent PSScene images you have permissions to actually download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open `recent-psscene.json` to see the 100 most recent PSScene images you have permissions to actually download.
```
